Topics : Introduction, What is Programming, Procedural Programming Language, Object Oriented Programming Language, What is Python, Why Python History and Applications of Python
Difference between Procedural & OOP Memory Allocation
High level language , low level language, translator and its types

Introduction:
Python is a high-level, interpreted, general-purpose programming language created to make
programming simple and readable.

Futures:
1.simple
2.interpreted
3.Cross platform

Example:
name = "Ravi"
print(name)

History:
Python was created by: Guido van Rossum
Development Started: 1989
First Release: 1991
Name Origin:
The name "Python" was inspired by the comedy show:
Monty Python's Flying Circus

Applications:
1.Web Development
2.Data Science
3.AI
4.Automation
5.Cyber security
6.Gaming development 

What is Programming?
Programming is the process of writing instructions that tell a computer what to do.

What is Program?
A set of instructions written to perform a specific task is called a Program.

NOTE:A computer cannot understand human language directly. It only understands machine-level
instructions. Programming languages act as a bridge between humans and computers.

Translator: 
It's a tool which converts High-level-language to Low- level-Language

High-Level Languague:
*Human understandable language it is made up of alphabates, digits and special symbols
*it can't understand by system
*C,Java,Python......
Low-level Language:
* It is system understanable Languague it is in for of 0,1
* Binary languague humans can't understand 

What is compiler?
It is a tool which is used to conver H.L.L to L.L.L whole code at a time 
what is Interpreter?
It is a tool which is uded to execute source code line by line at a time in interactive mode

Procedural Programming Language:
* Procedural Programming focuses on Functions and Procedures.
* The program is divided into small functions, and execution happens step-by-step.
The main focus is:
● Functions
● Logic
● Sequence of Steps

ADVANTAGES:
● Easy to Learn
● Easy to Write
● Fast Execution
● Suitable for Small Programs
DISADVANTAGES:
● Difficult for Large Projects
● Data Security Issues
● Less Reusability
● Hard to Maintain

Object-Oriented Programming (OOP):
* Object-Oriented Programming organizes code using Objects and Classes.
* Instead of focusing only on functions, OOP focuses on real-world entities.
ADVANTAGES:
● Reusable Code
● Better Security
● Easy Maintenance
● Easy Scalability
● Suitable for Large Applications
DISADVANTAGES:
● More Memory Usage
● Slightly Slower Execution
● More Complex for Beginners